feat: add option to not transform processes on win.SetVisibleOnAllWorkspaces (#27200)
electron/electron: docs/api/browser-window.md

* `visible` Boolean
* `options` Object (optional)
  * `visibleOnFullScreen` Boolean (optional) _macOS_ - Sets whether
    the window should be visible above fullscreen windows.

>   * `skipTransformProcessType` Boolean (optional) _macOS_ - Transforming
>     the process type must hide the window and dock for a short time. This
>     can be skipped if the process type has already been transformed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * `skipTransformProcessType` Boolean (optional) _macOS_ - By default on macOS, setVisibleOnAllWorkspaces transforms the process type in order to hide the window and dock for a short time.  If this is undesirable, setting this value to true will override that behavior.
```

* `options` Object (optional)
  * `visibleOnFullScreen` Boolean (optional) _macOS_ - Sets whether
    the window should be visible above fullscreen windows
  * `skipTransformProcessType` Boolean (optional) _macOS_ - Sets whether

>     the process type should be transformed. Default is `false`

Reviewer: While functionally true, this description doesn't seem really helpful to developers.  Can you reword to provide better insight to developers as to why you would want to set this?

Author: Sure! How does the updated description sound?
